Allow set up the owner of the object in S3 calls (#7)
giantswarm/fluent-logshipping-app: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project's packages adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [v0.1.2] 

### Added

> - Add optional parameter `grant_full_control` to allow define permission for the object stored in S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add optional parameter `grant_full_control` to allow defining permissions for objects stored in S3 buckets.
```

> - Changed `s3_object_key_format` to let define the object key format via values file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `s3_object_key_format` to allow defining the S3 object key format.
```

Can we drop the values file part?
